Bread lasts longer out of the refrigerator.	Storing bread in the freezer you can store for several days and keep it soft.
Some people I know claim it imparts the salt flavor to meat, without any of the actual sodium being present.	Salt is a good means to control/suppress flames and flareups without having a cooling effect on the coals.
Soaking for a while in cold water beforehand also helps tame the bitterness.	Braising gently in milk will also, I find, help with bitterness.
Probably use it quickly, I would think...	If you want it light, you need to use it quickly, as the bubbles will disappate over time.
The carrots are rotten.	When carrots turn black, it is almost always caused by rot.
I think you're looking for a "sandwich press.	The device is called a "panini press" and they're available fairly small
Could be Topaz Adjust, or any HDR program.	I used Photoshop with Topaz Labs Denoise and Adjust
The CN Tower in Toronto seems pretty good too: 22 km per hour	The worlds fastest elevator: Burj Khalifa with 64 km per hour Though, the speed of the elevator to the observation deck is 36 km per hour
If you are going to Italy, the Video Game Museum ViGaMus in Rome will be the place to visit.	The Computerspielemuseum in Berlin claims to have been "the world's first permanent exhibition devoted to digital interactive entertainment culture."
It is Santorini.	According to Google Image, it should be Santorini.
Pretty sure you're thinking of The Host by Stephanie Meyer, of Twilight fame.	I finally found it: It's The Lives of Tao by Wesley Chu
Sounds vaguely like Paycheck.	Sounds almost like Greg Egan's Quarantine but as far as I know that's only a novel.
I think you mean self-inflicted (of an injury) having been inflicted on oneself by oneself or self-induced induced or brought on by oneself or itself	Consider self-defeating causing the same problems that you were intending to solve
Perhaps realize: "He realized his full power."	He has unleashed his full potential.
I have heard the phrase "gal pal" used in this way.	Personally I typically use "guy friends" and "lady friends" to avoid the relationship connotation.
The notion of groupthink is closely related.	Perhaps they are members of a mutual admiration society.
In technical computer manuals we use the word "deprecate".	I would suggest "advise against." 
Consider uncomprehending Not understanding; having little or no comprehension.	You may want to use oblivious.
He is a dependent friend.	He may be called a moocher.
It went from bad to worse	Out of the frying pan, into the fire.
A person who is demoralized may give up easily.	A defeatist expects to fail, and therefor, either does not try at all or tries in a half-hearted manner.
The term sorted seems to cover both alphabetic and numeric.	"Collated" is a more general term that encompasses both alphabetical and numeric sorting.
A Pyrrhic victory	Cutting off your nose to spite your face
How about trashy?	Garbage is suitable, I think.
I would say weakened or lost.	Without more context, it's difficult to know, but I'd try "Faded" (means the same as "reduced") or "changed".
